.TH Bicho 1 "October 23, 2009" "" "Bug Tracker Systems Analyzer"
.SH NAME
\fIbicho\fR - a bug tracker systems analyzer
.SH DESCRIPTION
.br
\fIbicho\fR is a Bug Tracker Systems Analyzer (BTS), it extracts bug's information
such as : id, priority, resolution, status, comments, descriptions,
changes, attachments and so on and put them in a database in order to
let you use that information to study and analyze it.
.br
.br 
\fIbicho\fR is capable of analyze the following BTS :

		* Apache
.br
		* Bugzilla
.br
		* SourceForge 
.br


.br
.SH OPTIONS
.br

.br
.BI	-h, --help
.br
		Print this usage message.
.br
   
.br
.BI	-t, --type
.br
		Type optionsf bug tracking system (sf|bg) SourceForge or 
.br
		Bugzilla
.br
   
.br
.BI	-p, --path
.br
		Path where downloaded URLs will be stored (/tmp/\fIbicho\fR/)
.br

.br
.br
.br
Database input specific options:
.br

.br
.BI	--db-driver_in
.br
		Input database driver [sqlite|mysql|postgres] (None)
.br
   	
.br
.BI	--db-user_in
.br
		Database user notame (None)
.br
  
.br
.BI	--db-password_in
.br
		Database user password (None)
.br
  
.br
.BI	--db-databasetabase_in
.br
		Database name (None)
.br
  
.br
.BI	--db-hostname_in
.br
		Name of the host wherere database server is running (None)
.br
  
.br
.BI	--db-port_in
.br
 		Port where the databasetabase server is running (None)
.br

.br
.br
.br
Database output specific options:
.br

.br
.BI	--db-driver_out
.br
		Output database driver [sqlite|mysql|postgres] (mysql)
.br
  
.br
.BI	--db-dbuser_out 
.br
		Database user name (None)
.br
  
.br
.BI	--db-password_out
.br
		Database user postgresassword (None)
.br
  
.br
.BI	--db-database_out
.br
		Database name (None)
.br
  
.br
.BI	--db-hostname_in
.br
		Name_outName of the host where database server is running 
.br
		(localhost)
.br

.br
.BI	--localhostdb-port_out
.br
		Port where the database is (3306)
.br

.br

.br
Values found in config file '\fIbicho\fR.conf' are used as default values
.br
If config file is not found all parameters are required except:
.br

.br
    if url is given:
.br
        Database input parameters are not required
.br
    else:
.br
        Database input parameteres are required.
.br

.br
.SH EXAMPLES

.br
.B Analyzing a Bugzilla BTS:
.br

.br
NOTE:It is important to note that you have to create an empty database that Bicho is going to use before execute the application.
.br

.br
$ mysqladmin -uuser -ppassword create database_name
.br

.br
$ \fIbicho\fR -t bg --db-user_out="user" --db-password_out="password"
.br
--db-database_out="database_name" URL_project_BTS
.br

.br
.B Analyzing a SourceForge BTS:
.br

.br
NOTE:It is important to note that you have to create an empty database that Bicho is going to use before execute the application.
.br

.br
$ mysqladmin -uuser -ppassword create database_name
.br

.br
$ \fIbicho\fR -t sf --db-user_out="user" --db-password_out="password"
.br
--db-database_out="database_name" URL_project_BTS 
.br

.br

.SH MAILINGLIST
libresoft-tools-devel@lists.morfeo-project.org

.SH BUGS
Please feel to report a bug in https://bugzilla.libresoft.es/ and thanks
in advanced.

.SH COPYRIGHT

Copyright © 2009 GSyC/Libresoft.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. 
.br
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, to the extent permitted by law.


.SH AUTHORS
     \fIL\fRibreSoft: \fIhttp://\fwwww.libresoft.es

